What is Virgo? (Blog Post)

What is wrong with the world? How did we end up developing a thick skin for the humanitarian and environmental crises around 
us? When did we decide to close our hearts and not care?
 
Existential collapse threatens our society. But day after day, we carry on with business as usual. We ignore the truth before 
us because it's more convenient and more comfortable not to have to deal with it.

Our beautiful human nature has endowed us with a 'thirst for knowledge.' But since 'ignorance is bliss,' we train ourselves 
to filter out negative news. How do we teach our brain to identify and understand these critical global problems?

People live their life driven by the desire to leave a legacy. Some of us do it unconsciously for fear of being forgotten, 
others for a more selfless reason for giving back to the world. In the eyes of many, without having the belief that our future 
generations will continue our work, the work itself becomes meaningless.

So what stops us from acting now? One theory is the human adaptation of biased thinking. Our mind bundles together all of the 
alarming events that we are experiencing and renders them meaningless to fit our narrative better. Our brains have developed a 
selective reality to let us cope with actual reality.

We broke the world. And now we have to fix it.

Global warming is continuously in the news. It tells us the environment is dying. It's alarming and unsettling. But what can
we do about it? We go through our day, and try to avoid single-use plastic. We try to eat less meat. Maybe Beyond Meat is the 
answer. We try our best not to buy things we don't need. But we're still thinking of buying a Tesla. Or even better, we try to 
walk instead of taking our car. But our cities are not designed for pedestrians. We give up because it feels hopeless. 
We can't change the world by ourselves.

All around the world, entire ecosystems are collapsing because of human actions. We have been using more and more of our 
planet's natural resources, and all this comes with a price. Over one million species are on the verge of extinction. Our 
forests are burning; we've filled our oceans with plastic, and the quality of air and water reduces day by day. These are 
realities that we have to face. Where do we draw the line between sustainable use of resources and greed? When enough is 
enough?

The Internet has empowered us to make connections across the entire planet. We strive for a chance to be heard, to share our 
thoughts and ideas with the world, but our voices are silenced. 
Today’s social networks are centrally owned, and are run by algorithms that bombard us with daily fake news and limit our 
freedom of speech. Entire stories are rewritten in the eyes of many just to fit personal agendas. We had enough, we want the 
truth! That raw truth that sometimes hurts, shocks, frightens or brings us to tears. This is the reality that we have to accept. 
We cannot hide from it anymore.
This quest for power has to stop and these organizations, which wield enormous influence, need to be held accountable. 
We have to start from somewhere. Despite their failings, social networks allow us to drive awareness of critical global issues. 
But we live in a climate emergency, and awareness is not enough.

Individual humans lack the agency and the leverage to improve the world on a massive scale.
How can we solve global coordination problems? How can we tap into the climate anxiety that all of us feel, but feel powerless
to do anything about? These are the questions we've struggled with.

And this wandering was real, struggling to get a sense of what is to be done.
What if we create a venue in which we’ll allow everyone to share their thoughts and ideas in a constructive way?
What if we give voices to those who were silenced for so long?
What if we join forces so that together we can make a difference?
What if....

And then it happened. The voice of one, became the voice of many and this is how Virgo was born. The idea soon evolved into a 
community that empowers everyone to weigh in on tragedies of the commons, crowdfund answers, and keeps funded organizations 
accountable through blockchain.

Together we'll have the power to stop the imminent destruction of our world. We foresee that it will require an entire 
reorganization of our social, economic, and political systems. But we are ready!

Virgo's core values are equality, transparency, and accountability. Through equality, we can establish new governments by 
the will of the people. Through transparency, we will be able to keep political dialog honest. Through accountability, we will
be able to observe the real effects of the leadership that we elect.

Join us. Let's build a better future together, united under Virgo!

Follow us:
Twitter:
Discord:
Blog:
Website:
Facebook:
Instagram:
About the team?



